(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now that you have had your chance,
it's time forme to show you my solution
to this challenge exercise.
I choose to solve this aspect through an annotation.
I created an annotation called countable
and I created a corresponding aspect for it.
So, I created a logger called LIL Application Counter
for LinkedIn Learning Application Counter.
I created an internal map element aspect
to hold both the method name and an integer
for the number of times it was counted.
And that's on line 20.
I then created my point cut,
which looked for that annotation countable on line 22.
Then, I went ahead and did a before on this one
because all I care about is that the method was called.
There was no requirements about that it returned,
it returned data.
None of that mattered.
So, what I care about is that it was called.
And I just want to simply get the name of it.
And I'm building the name in such a way
that it's fully qualified.
So, I'm going to get the package name
as well as the class name.
And then, I'm going to take that and increment a counter,
if I've already reseen it.
If I haven't seen it, I will create a new one in the map
and set it to one.
And then, I go ahead and output it at the end
by iterating over that map.
So, let's put this one in action.
Got a little bit more data here this time.
So, the first call came through, and I got three responses.
The second call came through, I also got three.
I didn't mention that I put this on every single method
in our base call stack here.
That way, I can see them all incrementing every single time.
And while that's doing, let's take a look
at the first set of lines here.
So, the first line that comes in the output,
says that generated output was called one time.
Then we run through it again,
and we see that get current time was executed one time
and generate output was executed one time.
So, that call stack is starting to build
and we can determine that
because we know the structure of our code.
The third line here, you'll see that the greeting,
the output, and the current time, were all executed.
And then, we see that same pattern repeated
over and over and over again until our application closes.
So, I have two aspects running.
I've got my counter aspect
and I've got the original logging aspect.
And all of that was done with a before advice
executing on an annotation based point cat
that's hitting a joined point
that I've annotated throughout my service classes.